hello have you ever asked
how can you control the power of
any kind of sound that comes through
the speaker of your phone with
android well then in this video we are going to
see an application that allows us that
allows us to control allows us
increase the power of any type
of sound whether it's music that comes out or
by the rear speaker or by the
headphones good then this application
it's called volume more will you be able to
download it from the link you have
down here in the description and the only
sticks in quotes is that it costs a
euro is a payment application I
I personally recommend that you
buy not only for the fact of supporting
to the developer and all this that
normally they say it, but because
it really is an application that I
I usually use and that is pretty
useful the only glitch in quotation marks is that
it is not compatible at the moment it is not
available on android 4.1 and 4.2 ie
it would only work for Android 2.3 and
for android 4.0 which is right now the
rom that I have but well let's
open the application and let's explain
a little how it works here as you can
see the interface
quite simple and on the part of
up we have three options the settings
of the main speaker let's say it would be
the rear the helmets adjustments
that we connect and the settings of
bluetooth that would be then in case
we have some bluetooth device to
being which we're transferring a
sound because we could control it from
this option
well down here we have more things
interesting as for example the
root tools that good is not something
mandatory to use it would be options
more advanced and that require
superuser permissions but what is
the application in particular works very
well without having to rock so
a point in your favor good we are going to
start with the first option that is the
to control the main speaker we're going
to activate first of all and here
well we have several things to see what
First
we could control it from a
a small simple panel like who says
we have several numbers here as you see
until the 20th and well this is basically
to be able to increase as levels the
volume of our speaker yo
I usually recommend that you leave it
for the samsung galaxy eyes between 2 and 3
because because we can increase and we can
do tests but you can get a
moment in which as you see here 10
maximum for the most phones
speakers reaches a point where it
damage and eye me this is what I mention this
in principle I am showing you this
application but I'm not responsible
much less that you test and
you see that suddenly the speaker stops
work this is an application that is
very useful but you have to use it with
careful so I recommend that what
leave between two and four as much
because for the galaxy eyes it is not
have a very resistant speaker and I
I think you can tell the difference
personally I have tried it and yes it is
good note some other options
interesting the bass boost that also
is an option that personally in the
galaxy eyes does not work as you see
here
down here may not work in some
devices and the delay fact I do not know how
pronounced in English but that also
allows us to control the sound
stereo that personally in the galaxy
I have not tried this option and it's good
for the most advanced users let's say
that we have an equalizer
customizable from here we can
control frequencies for
people who understand a little here as
and we see the hertz is changing by
here this small number and good the
truth is that it is an application that if
you know how to handle the subject of
sequencers works pretty well
well let's keep seeing here
down that says press menu for more
options here is another interesting thing and
is that if we want we can create
different profiles and save them here
how do you see save load or delete the
different profiles good in the rest of
options is basically the same
we could control the volume of
headphones or the volume of
bluetooth speakers so the truth is
that this is an application that I have
trying and I really like the
truth is that you can notice a lot
the power that increases and the truth is
which is useful for a lot of phones
like for example the samsung galaxy nexus
that do not have a speaker excessively
powerful but thanks to this
application and without having
superuser permissions as we can
control it and we can increase the
speed and power so good
that's been all in this video I hope
that you liked it if it's like that
forget to hit like if you want to see
more videos subscribe here in the part
from below and see you a greeting